WF-995: implement launcher support (#35)
spatialos/FlexibleProjectExample: changelog.md

# Changelog

> * **23 May 2019:** You can now start client workers for cloud deployments through the [Launcher](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/operate/launcher).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **23 May 2019:** You can now start client-worker instances for cloud deployments using the [Launcher](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/operate/launcher).
```

Author: Fixed.
